[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, what you're
about to hear on "Beyond
Belief" is truly beyond belief.
It's an amazing story by Captain
Randy Kramer Marine Corps.
And I'm going to have
the Captain tell us
his story because coming from
him, you will understand.
Randy, welcome to the program.
>>RANDY CRAMER: Oh,
thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: I should call you
Captain, I was in the Navy.
>>CRAMER: Ah, it's--
>>NOORY: We can do that.
>>CRAMER: It's unofficial.
You can call me Randy.
People call me
Captain all the time
but I never get picky about it.
>>NOORY: I've been
researching you.
>>CRAMER: Oh, good.
>>NOORY: It's an amazing story.
>>CRAMER: It was an
interesting experience
to have I'll tell you that.
>>NOORY: Tell us
when it happened
and what happened to you.
>>CRAMER: Oh, I mean
it all goes back
to early development
in early childhood.
Being a construct
of a program that
was genetically engineered,
built from the ground up.
Training programs started
when I was like, four
or five years old.
Training program went
until I was 17 years old.
And at 17 years old I
was deployed actually
into the covert military
space program, sent to Mars
for 17 years to be in the MDF.
>>NOORY: Wait a
minute, wait a minute.
Sent to Mars?
>>CRAMER: Yes.
>>NOORY: How were
you sent to Mars?
>>CRAMER: Oh, well, via a--
>>NOORY: In a space ship?
>>CRAMER: Via a transport
ship from the Moon,
from Lunar Operations Command
that probably, my guessing,
it was probably four
or five stories high
that probably had 4,000 or 5,000
personnel on it at that time.
>>NOORY: What year
might that have been?
>>CRAMER: That would
have been in 1987.
>>NOORY: All right, continue.
>>CRAMER: So we were put
onto a transport ship.
Again, I'm guessing about 4,000
or 5,000 people it held total.
And then that ship took off
from Lunar Operations Command
on the Moon.
And then that ship went
through a wormhole to Mars.
So the whole trip
took a few minutes.
And then we landed on the
tarmac at Ares Primis, which
was the military headquarters
corporate headquarters
of the Mars colonies.
And then I was sent to a forward
station far, far north, What.
I sort of refer to
as "Alaska region."
As far as I mean, if you were
to compare latitudes here
on planet Earth, it was
very, very far north.
So it was a very,
very cold region
that we were a part of at a
place called Forward Station
Zebra.
And spent the better part of
17 years in the MDF there.
>>NOORY: Randy, do you
know how wild this sounds?
>>CRAMER: I've had
some conversations
with people and yeah, it blows
some people's mind sometimes,
yeah.
>>NOORY: Do people believe you?
>>CRAMER: A lot of
them surprisingly do.
I mean, to me, when
I say it out loud,
I understand how outside the
box it sounds, believe me.
But having
experienced it myself,
all I'm really talking
about is my own memories,
my own perspective of how it
happened when I was there.
So to me, it's a very matter
of fact set of experiences
because I was there.
But I get that it's outside the
normal realm of most people's
experiences.
And to most people it's a what?
What are you talking about?
I get that.
>>NOORY: I want to find out
how this project developed--
>>CRAMER: Sure.
>>NOORY: --where it is
today, what other countries
might be doing like that.
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: I'm not here to
doubt you nor am I here
to destroy your
story by any means.
>>CRAMER: I appreciate that.
>>NOORY: I just want to hear
from you in your own views.
And then we'll let our "Beyond
Belief" audience decide hey,
we think this guy's telling
the truth or maybe he isn't.
But let me ask you this--
>>CRAMER: Please.
>>NOORY: --if you're not telling
the truth that's in quotes, OK?
Because we're going on
the assumption you are.
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>NOORY: But if you're
not telling the truth,
what are you
getting out of this?
>>CRAMER: Not much.
But I also like to point out,
if I'm not telling the truth,
then I am committing
a number of felonies,
including felony
impersonating an officer.
And I have encouraged people
who think that I'm not
telling the truth to
report me to the FBI
or to the CMCs office
in the Marine Corps.
I know some people who have
had those conversations
and those people are not
interested in talking to me.
If I was committing fraud, I
would get a letter from the FBI
or from the CMCs office
telling me to cease and desist.
And then my attorney
and I, we could get
into that whole conversation.
But no one sent me any
letters because I'm not
committing fraud.
>>NOORY: So you're not making
a million dollars doing this.
>>CRAMER: No.
Are you kidding me?
I do a few speaking events
and a few interviews.
And no, I don't
get paid anything.
>>NOORY: What do you do
in your normal "life"
in terms of job or career?
>>CRAMER: Oh, I have to work
a day job at the moment, which
isn't any fun.
But you know, it's what I
have to do to pay the bills.
>>NOORY: Does that
day job conflict
with this story in the point
where people that you work with
go, Randy, what is this?
>>CRAMER: Oh, I don't talk to
people at my day job about--
>>NOORY: What if
they see this show?
>>CRAMER: Well, then we'll
have a conversation about it.
I'm perfectly open to
always talk about it
with anybody who wants
to talk about it.
I mean, I don't
shy away from it.
But I don't want to create
attention in a situation
where I don't need attention.
I mean, I'm not an
attention grabber
so I don't go around telling
people, I went to Mars.
I mean, it's just not
that big of a deal to me.
But when people want
to talk about it,
I'm more than happy to talk.
>>NOORY: So you're really
you're not gaining anything
coming out with this story.
>>CRAMER: No, I haven't--
if anything, in
the last six years,
it has cost me more than I
have ever possibly potentially
gained from this in
personal relationships,
in a destroyed marriage, and
a number of other things.
>>NOORY: Why, because
they don't believe you?
>>CRAMER: I don't even want
to discuss the particulars
of that situation.
Let's just say that it was--
>>NOORY: Well, let me
rephrase the question.
Did what you're telling us
today affect your marriage?
>>CRAMER: Let's just
say that another--
a third party took advantage of
a situation in which they felt
could be exploited with
someone else's insecurities.
>>NOORY: All right, so they
took advantage of a weakness.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I'm
reading the picture.
>>CRAMER: But to say that
when my ex-wife and I met,
she was a firm believer
in my telling the truth.
>>NOORY: And that changed?
>>CRAMER: And that changed.
>>NOORY: Does that
disappoint you?
>>CRAMER: It's heartbreaking.
But again--
>>NOORY: I'm sorry.
>>CRAMER: --I'm not really
here to talk about that.
>>NOORY: And I'm sorry
to had to go through that
and thank you for sharing
part of that with us.
I appreciate that.
You're not the first
person to come forward
with these kinds of
incredible stories.
>>CRAMER: And I
won't be the last.
>>NOORY: And that leads us
to believe that something's
going on, whatever it may be.
>>CRAMER: For sure.
>>NOORY: So let's go back
to the recruitment portion.
I want to look at a little
video from "Deep Space: Inside
the Program."
Here we go.
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
>>NARRATOR: If there is
a breakaway civilization
how do they get
people to join them?
Is there a recruitment process?
We shall discover
that getting people
to join the Secret
Space Program is more
complex than first imagined.
Some are asked.
Some are made.
And some appear to be
taken against their will.
>>LAURA EISENHOWER:
There's recruitments
where certain
individuals are picked
to participate in
projects and to be
a part of particular agendas.
I have an experience
myself of being
recruited to go off planet in
2006 to join a Mars colony.
And so there's
specific reasons why
certain individuals are picked.
And to get to the bottom of
it is not the easiest thing
because I mean, you're
unraveling a huge mystery.
I mean, there's things like
quantum access technologies
that are used to
target individuals.
What I discovered in
my recruitment process
is something called Looking
Glass Technologies was used
and something called
the Orion's Cube.
These were names that were
in the emails connected
to how I was chosen.
And this isn't just tracking me
in this particular incarnation,
there is a pre-targeting
before I was born.
So a lot of strategies
are in place.
Or if we kind of look at
the bigger picture in some
of these controller groups
and how they manage timelines
and how they work with
these technologies
to achieve a specific
desired result.
These things have been in
the works for a long time.
And so when we look at different
elements of like the defense
departments and things that
happened after the Second World
War, we're dealing with
certain agendas that had
good intentions to start with.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CRAMER: I love Laura.
She's fabulous.
>>NOORY: She's a great person.
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: A dedicated researcher.
>>CRAMER: I know her very
well, she's fabulous.
>>NOORY: So Captain, let's go
back to the beginning then.
Was your family involved in this
at all or were you the first?
>>CRAMER: I'm pretty certain
that my older siblings were
also put into programs
because of the family's
genetic heritage.
And then whatever
mingling that they
decided to do at the pre-birth
and birthing process.
Both of my siblings
exhibited early childhood
post-traumatic stress
disorder symptoms, like I did.
But I seemed to have a better
set of coping mechanisms
than they did.
So I'm not in complete
denial about my existence
at this point.
So I wouldn't say
that I was the first
but I would say that
I was probably a more
perfected version by the--
>>NOORY: Did you go willingly
or did they pull you in to it?
>>CRAMER: Oh, I was--
from what I understand is
that it's been told to me
there was a drawing
board process
in which part of my mother's
DNA and my father's DNA
were laid out.
And then they decided which
parts they wanted to change.
So my entire genetic code
was written in a laboratory
before I was actually even
created as a life form.
So I was built from the
ground up as a person.
>>NOORY: Have you undergone
hypnotic regression?
>>CRAMER: Sure.
>>NOORY: And what
do they tell you?
>>CRAMER: Just recovered
more clarified memories
of my experiences
really more than usual.
>>NOORY: But those experiences
come out in the end.
>>CRAMER: Oh yeah, absolutely.
But I would point out
that hypnosis is just
trying to get your brain into
a natural alpha or theta state,
which meditation does anyway.
And so most of my
memory retrieval
is through meditation process
to get into theta states.
But hypnosis is just
someone else walking you
through that process to
get to those theta states
so that you can
retrieve your memory.
>>NOORY: Well, your brain
is like a tape recorder.
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: And I
think what hypnosis
does is it rewinds that
tape in a strategic way
to get the answers.
I've always been
convinced, Randy,
that if you looked
at a crowd of 1,000
people and people
would just say, hey,
was George Noory in that crowd?
You'd probably say I don't know.
I couldn't see him.
But under hypnosis,
it's in your brain
and I think you could
pinpoint yeah, he was.
He was in the fourth
row on the left.
It happens like that.
Now, in this particular
case with you,
this secret program
that was done,
how many people do you think
are involved in it today?
>>CRAMER: Oh goodness gracious.
I mean, if you want to talk
about the covert military space
program or Secret
Space Program at large,
you're talking about hundreds of
thousands potentially millions
of people but at this point.
>>NOORY: Are they all
knowledgeable of what's
happening to them or are they
walking around in a daze?
>>CRAMER: It's all
compartmentalized.
So depending on where you are,
what stage of your service in,
or whether they've sent you back
and put the quote unquote "back
into your timeline to live
out your fate or your destiny"
as sometimes it's referred to.
And most of the time,
most of those people
are returned with
repressed memories.
So they don't
remember much of it.
They often have,
like I did, a series
of emotional, psychological
attachments or traumas
associated with
their experience.
But the linear conscious
memory is often detached.
But if you're still in
service, then you're
actively remembering what's
going on at that time.
But for security
reasons they pretty much
suppress people's memories
when they return them,
so I'd say that the
majority of people
who have returned
from service have
little or no understanding
or memory of what
they've experienced.
I get e-mails from
people all the time
who are in the process of
recovering memory, that
are in the process
of getting there.
But were absolutely
not even at a stage
where they want to go
public or do an interview.
I mean, it's the last
thing that they want to do.
They're still trying
to figure out what's
going on with themselves.
They're in an earlier state.
When I say "earlier state"
that I was in myself,
which is very
confusing because--
>>NOORY: Is it frustrating?
>>CRAMER: Incredibly because
you get these memories-- they're
very clear, they're very vivid.
They're often
incredibly visceral
and emotionally traumatic.
But because they don't
match a linear map
to what you think you
understand your life is,
it doesn't make any sense.
And so while you're missing
those linear components,
you're like well,
OK, I remember this.
It feels incredibly real.
It feels traumatic.
It's very vivid.
But where's the
linear connection?
How in the world
did I get there?
And so a lot of
people don't know what
to make of their experiences.
Or they do like I did for
a certain amount of time,
which is question
their mental health.
>>NOORY: I was going to say, did
you think you were going crazy?
>>CRAMER: At times, absolutely.
The thing that changed that,
which I was so grateful for,
I had a very dear friend who
is a psychiatrist, actually.
And we were sitting
in my living room
one day having a cup of tea.
And I said to him, you know, I'm
really not sure what's going on
with my head at the moment.
I said, I either have
this amazing, crazy case
of post-traumatic
stress disorder
that I need to sort out
or I'm absolutely bonkers.
And I'm really not sure
where to go with that.
And he was so cool
and calm about it.
And he was like, well, OK,
let's break out the book.
And he pulled out
the DSM-IV, which
it was the four at that time.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CRAMER: And said, let's
look at your symptoms.
Let's look at all of
these other possibilities.
Let's look at schizophrenia.
Let's look at
schizoaffective disorder.
Let's look at bipolar disorder.
And we went through
them one at a time.
>>NOORY: Ruled them all out.
>>CRAMER: And we
ruled them all out
until we got to post-traumatic
stress disorder.
And it was you know, 1, 2, 3,
4, all the way down the line.
So it was, at that point,
I felt medically convinced
by a medical
professional that we had
looked at my behavioral health.
I did not have
enough of symptoms
to be labeled or
classified as any
of the other behavioral
health conditions.
And I had a solid link to
medical post-traumatic stress
disorder, which then meant that
the experiences that I were
having were in
fact real traumatic
experiences that
I had to sort out.
>>NOORY: Are you
in the program now?
>>CRAMER: Which program?
>>NOORY: The Mars
or the Moon program?
>>CRAMER: I'm still a part
of United States Marine Corps
Special Section.
Officers have life
commissions, which
means I don't ever get to
get out until the day I die.
>>NOORY: Like the CIA.
Once you're in, you're in.
Like the mob.
>>CRAMER: A little bit--
yeah, a little bit.
And so I will
continue to do my work
and be associated with them
and have communications
with the command staff.
But I'm definitely
in a unique position
where there's plenty of other
people within the program that
don't want me talking publicly.
And plenty of other people--
>>NOORY: Why are you
talking publicly?
>>CRAMER: Because my Brigadier
General and the command
staff asked me to talk publicly.
>>NOORY: Really.
Why?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
Well, they feel-- well, I
guess the long and short
of that is they feel
that the conversations
with our extraterrestrial
friends and business partners
has been that we're supposed to
have a global disclosure moment
so that people can come into the
know and the awareness of that.
So that we can be
making when I say "we,"
we as an entire
civilization as the people
can make informed decisions
about what's going on
and what we're doing.
People can't vote and then
make an informed decision.
There's no real democracy
making informed decisions
so people don't know the truth
about what they're voting for,
what decisions they're making.
So there are a number
of extraterrestrials who
believe that that's important.
That it's important that
people aren't lied to.
That it's important we
don't lie to the public.
That it's important
that we bring everybody
into a truthful awareness.
So there's has been this
conversation for decades
on when that's supposed to be.
The command staff
feels like that we
and when I use this
other "we," that those
within the covert military
space program projects
have delayed and delayed
and delayed and delayed
that process to the point
of it harming civilization
as we know it.
And so the command staff decided
with a lot of other personnel,
with a lot of other officers
within Radiant Guardian,
that they needed to
pick a spokesperson
to have a conversation to
talk to the general public.
And there was a short
list of officers,
from what I understand,
at first and that
was whittled down and
eventually got to me.
>>NOORY: Were you
reluctant in the beginning?
>>CRAMER: At first, oh yeah.
When my Brigadier
asked me, he said,
do you want to go
public with your story?
I was furious.
I said, are you kidding me?
No.
I absolutely do not want
to go public with my story.
I'm not going to be "that guy."
>>NOORY: I'm not going
to be "that guy."
>>CRAMER: I'm not going to be
"that guy" are you kidding me?
No, I don't want to do this.
We had conversations,
I would say, over
about a two week period.
It really took some convincing.
He really had to kind of
have a lot of conversations
about the pros, the cons,
what was better or not better
about me doing that.
And I was convinced over time.
But at first, no I was
incredibly reluctant
and had no interest in
doing this job whatsoever.
>>NOORY: Well, I've got to tell
you, Randy, I have interviewed,
in my career,
thousands of people--
thousands of people.
There's an element
of belief to you.
I'm looking for body language.
I'm looking for signs.
And I don't see it from you.
>>CRAMER: Well, when I was
first talking with my Brigadier
and we were discussing how I
should talk or how I should
present the information--
>>NOORY: Have you been
schooled in this interview?
>>CRAMER: No, no, no, no.
Just like I said, in
the very beginning when
my Brigadier and I were
having conversations about how
to talk to people or how
to talk to the public
and one of my
questions was, what
do you want me to tell people?
How do you want me to
package information?
How do you want me to do this?
And he basically said, it
is the most important thing
that you do nothing other
than tell the truth.
He said, don't package anything
in a way that isn't truthful,
that isn't honest.
Don't misrepresent yourself
in any way, shape, or form.
He said, the most important
thing that we want you to do
is be 100% honest, 100%
truthful all the time.
He said, now, there
may be certain things
that you don't
want to tell people
or you don't want to
share because you think
it may be a little too
outside the box and he said,
that's your call.
If you don't want to share--
>>NOORY: I want outside the box.
>>CRAMER: He says, if you've
had an experience that you think
is a little too outside the
box and you don't want to talk
about it, that's up to you.
He said, I just want to make
sure that you understand you
always be honest you
always tell the truth
and you never deviate from
that as much as possible
because people can feel that.
People can hear it.
People can sense it.
And the last thing
we want is for people
to think that you're not
being honest or truthful.
So from day one, I have
endeavored to just be--
to sort of get out
of my own way as it
were when I talk to
people about this
and just tell people
the absolute truth
from the best of my recollection
of what I remember happened.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about the
Moon trip first and then Mars.
And you can explain to us
some of the things that I'm
going to ask you in a second.
When did the Moon trip
occur, the first one for you?
>>CRAMER: The first one?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>CRAMER: Oh, I
mean, the first one
would have been in childhood.
>>NOORY: They took you as a kid?
>>CRAMER: Oh, we
started training
when I was probably about
four or five years old.
>>NOORY: Well, now we landed
on the Moon, "officially" 1969.
>>CRAMER: Unofficially,
we landed on the Moon
a couple of decades before that.
>>NOORY: So you think
we went to the moon
before Neil Armstrong
and Buzz Aldrin?
>>CRAMER: The military had the
first lunar base, I believe,
built in about 1955.
>>NOORY: Who might be the
first American on the Moon,
if it wasn't Neil Armstrong?
>>CRAMER: Some nameless
covert military space program
astronaut who we'll
probably never know.
I mean, I certainly
don't know who it was.
>>NOORY: Did anybody die
of tragedy on the Moon?
>>CRAMER: I would say almost
certainly in the early days
because even though
they were using advanced
reverse engineered technology
from extraterrestrial vehicles
that we had recovered
in the '40s,
it's still the early days.
So mistakes were made
and I'm sure people died
in the process.
>>NOORY: Did Armstrong and
Aldrin know about this program?
>>CRAMER: There's
some discussion
about that but most people
internally agree that they
had some briefing about that.
In fact, they knew that
when they got there,
one of their main
missions was to look for
and/or explore artifacts or
a very old crashed vehicle--
>>NOORY: Or facilities.
Did they find them?
>>CRAMER: My
understanding is they did.
My understanding that was part
of their job and they did.
>>NOORY: All right, so
you go there as a kid.
>>CRAMER: Yep.
>>NOORY: Why take
a kid to the Moon?
>>CRAMER: Training.
The training process from four
years old to 17 years old--
it was vast.
>>NOORY: Are you in a
space suit over there?
>>CRAMER: No, most of the time
it's in this base called Lunar
Operations Command, which is a
vast underground facility that
has some top ground facility
but most of it is stories
and levels and levels--
>>NOORY: Do you
remember landing there?
>>CRAMER: I can remember coming
in a couple of times on a TR-3B
and entering into a hangar,
coming down on an elevator
and--
>>NOORY: And it closes?
>>CRAMER: And the elevator
basically comes down
onto a landing platform.
It drops, which turns out
to be a large elevator,
drops down into an elevator.
The landing platform
closes and then
it's in a large hangar,
which is like stacks
and stacks of bookshelves.
>>NOORY: All underground?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, except each
bookshelf is a square unit
that a ship can park into.
>>NOORY: And how many people
are with you on this journey?
>>CRAMER: It would vary but
I would say on the vehicle
at any given time anywhere
from 15 to 30 other recruits
or passengers.
>>NOORY: Primarily kids?
>>CRAMER: Primarily
of the same age group
of whatever I was at the time.
So if I was five, it was
a bunch of five-year-olds.
If I was 10, it was a
bunch of 10-year-olds.
If I was 13, it was a
bunch of 13-year-olds.
>>NOORY: So at what age did
you stop going to the Moon?
>>CRAMER: I mean, I don't
know about stopped going.
I mean, it was on and off all
the way up until my deployment
to my tour when I was 17.
And then the return trip
was a stop at the Moon and--
>>NOORY: Then you started
going to Mars, which
we'll get into in a second.
>>CRAMER: Right.
And then after the
tour of duty to Mars,
it was another return trip back
to Lunar Operations Command
for what they call
"age reversing."
>>NOORY: What are
they doing there?
>>CRAMER: What do you mean,
what are they doing there?
>>NOORY: Yeah, what
are they doing?
They're there for purpose.
>>CRAMER: What aren't
they doing there?
>>NOORY: What's the purpose?
>>CRAMER: To have the
largest forward operating
station for the covert
military space program that's
not based on planet Earth.
Because the most
secure place you
can have something is
where no civilian can
walk across a boundary
line or cross a fence.
And no one can walk across
from here to the Moon
or across that fence,
or across that yard so
to speak, without a spaceship.
So it's the most
secure place to have
a covert military operating
facilities on the Moon
or farther out.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
It truly is--
>>CRAMER: But from
what I understand,
they're doing everything there.
They do training there.
They're doing science
experiments there.
There's a certain amount
of civilian personnel
that come to visit
to observe what's
going on in the covert
military space program.
There's financiers, bankers,
who are dealing with the money
side of the program.
It's a massive, massive
military facility.
>>NOORY: And the
facility is just huge?
How did they build it?
>>CRAMER: Over time.
Keep digging down and
down and building large--
>>NOORY: So they must
have sent equipment--
>>CRAMER: Oh yeah.
>>NOORY: --digging equipment.
So the size of the crafts
to get that stuff there
must have been huge.
>>CRAMER: Some of them
were probably pretty big.
Some of the early
Aurora saucer craft
are you know the size
of a football field.
I mean, they're 100 meters,
300 feet wide or so.
So they could put a whole bunch
of a construction equipment
on a vehicle that big.
>>NOORY: The whistleblower,
William Tompkins, talks a lot
about this.
>>WILLIAM TOMPKINS: I was
assigned to design for the Navy
about 16, 18 different classes
of US Navy battle group ships,
which didn't exist.
And the larger ones were from
one kilometer to six kilometer.
These ships fly in space.
They're spacecraft carriers.
I designed US Navy
space craft carriers,
which finally got built back
in the late '70s up in Utah
underneath the ground.
And you've seen the pictures
of US Navy spaceships, Solar
Warden.
So Solar Warden came out
of a think tank inside
of engineering at Douglas.
And a whole lot of
other stuff came out.
>>NOORY: Why would he be lying?
>>CRAMER: Oh, he's not.
I spent the end of my 20
year career as a pilot
aboard the EDF SS Nautilus.
The Nautilus is one of those
ships that's a couple of miles
long.
>>NOORY: One of his designs?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, yeah.
It's basically an
aircraft carrier
that's like a long tube.
>>NOORY: Geez.
Branding is absolutely
amazing-- the story.
So you're on the Moon.
You're doing things,
you're doing studies.
What was the time period you
would stay at any given time?
>>CRAMER: I would say
anywhere from about 16 hours
to two or three weeks at a time.
>>NOORY: So nothing
really longer than that?
>>CRAMER: No, that was
usually a training session.
>>NOORY: Were they constantly
replacing personnel
or were people there
for three, four years?
>>CRAMER: I don't know what the
typical tour of duty for people
at Lunar Operations
Command is but I
know there is a constant
rotation of personnel.
When I was in the MDF,
we had a weekly rotation
of we would lose
people that would die
and then we would end up having
new people come in every week.
We had the kitchen
staff, the galley staff,
which was basically
civilian contractors, who
would come in and service.
Food would rotate out about
every three or four weeks.
So they had a rotation
that was about every month
or a month and a half.
>>NOORY: Was there
anybody born on the moon?
>>CRAMER: Not that I could
say personally aware of.
I wouldn't be surprised
if at some point
that was a scientific
experiment that--
>>NOORY: Because that would
be truly an extraterrestrial.
>>CRAMER: Right, it would be.
Yeah, absolutely.
I know that they,
the colonies on Mars,
have had people actually
born on Mars since then
who then are Earth transplants.
But if they're born
there, then they're
not Earthlings anymore--
>>NOORY: They're martians.
>>CRAMER: --they're
human martians.
>>NOORY: They're martians.
I wonder if they're considered
citizens of this planet?
>>CRAMER: They
are not considered
terrestrial citizens.
They're considered citizens
of the Mars colonies.
And because of the gravity,
they can never come back here.
>>NOORY: All right.
Let's move on to
Mars for a second.
When you started going
to Mars, did they
have a fully equipped
base at the time
or were you in its
infancy as well?
>>CRAMER: Oh no.
I would say that everything
had been well developed.
I mean, I felt like
when I showed up there
I was showed up in the middle
of a well oiled machine
operation--
>>NOORY: Ready to go.
>>CRAMER: --going on for
years before I got there.
>>NOORY: What's the
advantage of being on Mars?
What are they doing there?
>>CRAMER: I don't know about
the advantage but they trying
to sustain and defend
the colonies, which
I can't say I know much about.
We never got to go to
the colonies or see them.
We were kept very
separate from them.
My understanding
is the colonies are
engaged in mining operations,
agricultural operations.
Basically anything
and everything
that a colony would want to
do to say both self-sufficient
and to be able to create
enough excess of something
to trade back to the planet
or somewhere else for profits.
Because these have to be
financially profitable
ventures, according to
the financial people who
are in charge of them.
But as a military
operative, our job
was simply to occupy the
base in which we occupied
and to patrol and defend
or protect a certain grid
territory that was on our
map to defend and protect.
>>NOORY: Are other
countries there?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely, yeah.
I would say what they used
to call the G8 countries,
I would say that
list of countries
there are personnel from
all of those countries
that are at some point in
part of the covert military--
>>NOORY: Did we
bring them along?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, those people--
my understanding is that
each country who participates
takes personnel in a "parcel."
and that parcel is then handed
over in a stack of paperwork
to covert military space
program activities.
Some bureaucrat, some
low level officers,
junior officers at
Lunar Operations Command
get that stack of paperwork
on what that personnel is.
And then their job is to
assign those personnel
to the various positions
within the program
that they need to
put bodies into.
>>NOORY: At any given time,
because of space and distance,
how long were you on Mars?
>>CRAMER: A little
over 17 years.
>>NOORY: 17-- straight?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, continuous.
Yeah, absolutely.
I lived there.
>>NOORY: You were on Mars
for 17 straight years?
>>CRAMER: 17 years,
three months, 14 days.
>>NOORY: Did it feel
like a prison sentence?
>>CRAMER: No.
I mean, it didn't
feel like that.
It felt like a lengthy
deployment, you know?
It felt like this
is where we were
going to be for a long time.
I'd say after the
first few years,
we were pretty
acclimated that this
is just what we were going
to do until we were not
doing it anymore, until we
either dead or got sent back.
>>NOORY: Did you have a salary?
>>CRAMER: I was supposed to
be accruing a salary that
was supposed to
go into an account
that I was supposed
to get later.
But that turns out
to be sort of a lie
that they tell
everybody because--
>>NOORY: So you got nothing?
>>CRAMER: Got nothing.
(WHISPERS) Nothing.
>>NOORY: You were on
Mars for 17 years--
of course you didn't
have to worry about rent.
>>CRAMER: No.
>>NOORY: Food was provided.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, and health care.
>>NOORY: And you thought
you were earning--
>>CRAMER: Accruing the paycheck
that was going into an account.
>>NOORY: That you figured you
would have how much by the time
you came back?
>>CRAMER: Oh, it
should have been--
>>NOORY: A million dollars.
>>CRAMER: --well over a
million dollars, yeah.
>>NOORY: And you had nothing?
>>CRAMER: I got nothing.
>>NOORY: Did you feel cheated?
>>CRAMER: Well, since I
couldn't remember right away
I didn't feel anything about it.
But once I started to
remember the process,
I got pretty angry about
being cheated in that process.
>>NOORY: Are they
stiffing everybody?
>>CRAMER: Oh, absolutely.
It's how they save money by not
paying their person-- there's
essentially this very
quasi gray line with what's
slavery and not slavery.
Which is another
thing that a lot
of our extraterrestrial
friends are unhappy about.
Because there are
other worlds that we
have agreements and treaties
with who think that slavery
is essentially an amoral
unethical activity.
And that we have
treaties and contracts
signed that we're not supposed
to engage in acts of slavery.
So as long as we're doing
things that are quasi slavery,
then we have these
disagreements about what
we're supposed to do--
>>NOORY: So we're disclosing for
the first time on this program
that the Secret Space Program
isn't paying its employees.
>>CRAMER: A vast number of them.
Yeah, a vast number
of them are being
told that they're going
to be paid, are told
going to be paid later,
going to be told that they're
going to get rotated back, get
a nice cushy job with a pension.
>>NOORY: Sue them.
Can you?
>>CRAMER: Well, I'm in a process
with my congressman's office
to get paperwork, to get
papers, to get documents.
And what should, at some
point, end up probably
in a settlement.
But that's just going
to take a while.
>>NOORY: It'll be
sealed, you know that?
>>CRAMER: Oh, I'm
fine with that.
I really don't care if you
know they take me into a room
and say, here, you
can look at this.
Here, we'll give you--
>>NOORY: Here's your check.
>>CRAMER: --but you can't
ever talk about this.
I'm fine with that.
I understand the protocols
and I'm fine with that.
>>NOORY: Well, you must
be driving them crazy now.
Talking about this--
>>CRAMER: I know that
some people are perfectly
happy with what I'm
doing because they know
it needs to be
discussed and they
know that there's other
people who absolutely
hate my guts for doing it.
So you know, whatever.
>>NOORY: Tell me
about Tony Rodriguez.
>>CRAMER: Nice guy.
>>NOORY: Whistleblower?
>>CRAMER: I've spoken to him.
He seems like a
really nice guy and he
has a way of recollecting
his version of events that
seem incredibly
legitimate, to me,
that recall events that
seem beyond his ability
to fabricate them.
And certainly he has discussed
a few different things
that I have also experienced
that make his recollections
seem completely
legitimate to me.
>>NOORY: I'll have
you verify what
we're about to see with Michael
Salla and Tony Rodriguez.
>>CRAMER: Sure.
>>TONY ROGRIGUES: But I
got lost and I saw two guys
in a military uniform
but they were aliens.
One guy was like, I want
to say he looked like a cat
but it wasn't the case.
He had coarse, orange hair.
He was shorter and
stocky and he had--
he was ugly looking.
He was ugly.
I really don't know how to
describe other than that.
He had hair.
And the other guy was smaller.
And he was more of a fish.
He had like a fish
eyes and a snout.
You know what I mean?
And they were together.
And I walked-- because
they were in uniform,
I thought that they were
in the army, like I was
or whatever I was in.
The fleet.
I thought they were
part of the fleet.
So I asked them, I'm lost.
Can you guys help me out?
And they said--
I had to wear a
collar, a slave collar,
there was a correction collar.
And you would get electrified
if you were disciplined.
And they saw my collar
and he said, what are you
doing talking to us?
Don't even talk to us.
How are you even out here?
You don't have money.
And they were-- what
are you doing here?
They immediately--
what makes you
think we're going to help you?
And it was a telepathic
communication.
And I said, I'm lost.
Can you just tell me how to
get back to the hangar area?
And they said you can't
even get to the hangar area.
Guys like, you don't
even have money.
I said, I've got money.
And as soon as I showed them
my money, the one punched me.
And they basically beat
me up and took my money.
I got mugged.
>>NOORY: Geez.
What do you think of that?
>>CRAMER: That sounds like
a legitimate experience.
>>NOORY: It does?
>>CRAMER: It does,
it absolutely does.
>>NOORY: Now, he
called the ET ugly.
Beauty is in the
eyes of the beholder.
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: They probably
thought he was ugly.
>>CRAMER: I'm sure
that they did, yeah,
>>NOORY: But these
things are happening
the way he described it?
>>CRAMER: I would suggest that.
One of the-- probably the
most interesting things
that I got to do when I was
stationed on the Nautilus
was go on to
diplomatic missions.
And diplomatic missions to the
intergalactic space station
that orbits around Jupiter,
which is essentially
a diplomatic meeting area
for hundreds of species
and us and them.
>>NOORY: How many did you meet?
>>CRAMER: Me personally,
I would say several dozen.
See?
Hundreds.
Because the main meeting room
is this large room that's
like, several hundred
meters wide with Florida
ceilings probably, 70 or 80 feet
high with I want to say glass.
But it probably wasn't
silicon glass windows
that went all the
way around that you
had this amazing view of.
>>NOORY: Do they
all look different?
>>CRAMER: As varied
and different as
you can possibly say.
I would say the smallest
extraterrestrial
I ever saw was probably
about 18, 24 inches high
and the largest one was
probably 60 feet tall.
>>NOORY: 60 feet tall?
>>CRAMER: Yeah,
about 60 feet tall.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Did it look human?
>>CRAMER: Humanoid in the
sense two arms, two legs--
>>NOORY: Nose?
>>CRAMER: --bipedal.
You could certainly
identify it by looking at it
but I wouldn't say that
it just looked like you
or I 60 feet tall.
It had some other sort of
distinguishing features.
>>NOORY: And would you say the
ETs were all benevolent or not?
>>CRAMER: In that particular
location, everyone who's there
is there to have a
conversation about trade,
contracts, negotiations.
So everyone's on
their best behavior.
Everyone's being nice.
It's usually not a bunch
of grunts arguing about.
It's diplomats.
It's officers.
It's people out of
various ambassadorial
or diplomatic corps
having conversations.
So everyone's pretty
cordial there.
Everyone is pretty cordial.
>>NOORY: Captain Cramer, do
you wake up sweating and upset?
>>CRAMER: I used to
have night terrors.
Yeah, I used to.
I don't have them
so much anymore.
Lots of therapy has gotten
me to an OK place where I
can talk about a lot of things.
>>NOORY: Have you ever gone
to psychiatric counseling?
>>CRAMER: Sure, absolutely.
And I've gone to counseling.
I went to a psychiatrist
for a while.
Oh yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Medication?
>>CRAMER: Antidepressants,
anti-anxiety medication
for a little while to deal with
the depression and the anxiety,
yeah.
>>NOORY: You off that now?
>>CRAMER: Oh yeah, for years.
>>NOORY: How many people
do you think come out
of these programs the same way?
>>CRAMER: I would say
that most people come out
of these programs having had
a series of experiences that
have either shocked them,
traumatized them, or unnerved
them in a way that
they're psychologically
unsteady because of it.
And it takes a
certain amount of just
going through some
kind of healing process
to get to be able to where
you can feel stable again.
>>NOORY: You served
in the Marine Corps.
You took an oath.
I served in the Navy.
I took an oath.
And we feel as if we've
done things for country.
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Do you think,
being in these programs,
you've done something
for our country
or do you feel used and abused?
>>CRAMER: I know
that my oath was
to protect my
planet and my people
from anything and everything
that could do it harm.
And so in that sense
I feel like I've
done my job, that I did
what I was supposed to do.
I certainly feel
taken advantage by
the bureaucratic's
in the system.
I feel that my military
commanders did their best
to train me the best
that they could,
to treat me that the best they
could with respect and dignity
and honor and that
they continue to do so.
But there is
definitely a disconnect
between what certain military
personnel think should happen
and what is OK and the
way to treat people
and the way certain members of
the bureaucratic administrative
part think that it's
OK to treat people.
There's a major
disconnect there for sure.
>>NOORY: Do you have children?
>>CRAMER: None at this time.
>>NOORY: All right.
If you did, would you
want them in this program?
>>CRAMER: That's a tough call.
On the one hand, I
wouldn't necessarily
want them to have
my experiences.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CRAMER: On the
other hand, I would
have to say that if that
was their destiny, to have
to go through that,
then I would just
want to be the best parent in
the world to try and support
them in that process and their
recovery in that process.
>>NOORY: Would you go through
what you went through again?
>>CRAMER: Not voluntarily.
No, not voluntarily.
>>NOORY: What if they take you?
>>CRAMER: But at
the same time, I
can't look back at
those experiences
and say I wouldn't want them
as part of my life experience.
They make me who I
am and they certainly
are the best and the
worst of everything
that I've ever experienced.
So that's a tough one.
I mean, I wouldn't necessarily
go back and say yeah,
I volunteer to do this again.
But I wouldn't go back
and take it away either
because there's too much
value as a human being
that I've gained from
those experiences
to want to undo them.
>>NOORY: What would
your commanding officer
say once he sees this interview?
Would he go, right on, Randy.
You got the message out
that we wanted you to.
Or you said too much?
What would he say?
>>CRAMER: He's made it very
clear that as the spokesperson
it's my job to just speak
clearly and honestly
and truthful.
And that it's not
up for anybody else
to judge whether I'm doing
the right job or not.
The first couple of
interviews that I
did, I remember discussing
this with him and asking him,
you know did I do OK?
And he kind of hemmed and hawed.
And I was like, what?
What did I not do?
He's like, well, you kind
of softballed a little bit.
And I said, what do
you mean I softballed?
And he said, well, you kind of--
you went out there
not really being you.
And I was like, oh, you mean
you want me to sort of curse
and swear, yell and
scream some more?
And he was like, well, if
that's you then be you.
He said, I don't want you
to go out there and put
on a presentation for people.
I want you to go out there
and tell people the truth
and be you.
So I felt like the first
couple of interviews
that I did I was trying
to be a little stiffer--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CRAMER: --and that
his only advice was
to just loosen up and be you.
And so the more I
feel like I'm just
being honest and being myself
than I'm doing the right thing.
>>NOORY: Do you
miss the program?
Or does it feel good to be home?
>>CRAMER: Oddly
enough, sometimes I do.
Oddly enough, sometimes I do.
There is a certain--
>>NOORY: Did you
make friends there?
>>CRAMER: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, absolutely.
There is a certain certainty
about service in combat
that makes your life black
and white and clear--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CRAMER: In certain ways.
And I guess sometimes I
miss that because trying
to be and navigate civilian life
is very cloudy and very gray
sometimes.
And it's not always so clear
what you're supposed to do
or what the right thing to do is
or what choice A, B, C, D or E
you're supposed to take.
When you're serving
in a military unit,
it's much more clear.
You do this, you don't do this.
And so sometimes I miss
that simplicity, sure.
>>NOORY: What would
you say, Randy,
what is your best experience
either on the Moon
or on Mars that just was
so fulfilling for you?
>>CRAMER: We were actually--
my squad and I were captured
by indigenous reptoids on Mars
and spent 5 and 1/2
months living with them.
And I would--
>>NOORY: Captured?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Like, in
their not all friendly?
>>CRAMER: We were in a constant
state of military combat with
two indigenous species--
an insect species and
a reptoids species.
Which then got more complicated
when the Draconian invasion
occurred and then it was
a very complicated sort
of war conflict.
>>NOORY: Was it violent?
>>CRAMER: Very, very violent
on a very regular basis.
I mean, we were in probably
active combat engagements
every three to four days.
>>NOORY: Did we lose personnel?
>>CRAMER: All the time.
>>NOORY: And did they?
>>NOORY: What kind of
weaponry would we use?
>>CRAMER: For soldiers
on the ground,
our primary weaponry is a
magnetic propelled rifle
or a Gauss gun or a rail gun
that fires out magnetically
propelled slugs.
>>NOORY: And if it hits one
of these beings, what happens?
>>CRAMER: Depending on
who it is or depending
on the size of the slug, it
usually penetrates and goes
right through them.
>>NOORY: And then kills them?
>>CRAMER: Doesn't necessarily
kill them right away, depending
on their internal structure.
The indigenous reptoids had
a double circulatory system
they had two hearts with what
I would call an internal organ
circulatory system
and then a perimeter
or external circulatory system.
So you could shoot holes
in their arms and legs
and they wouldn't
lose blood pressure.
Well, they wouldn't
lose blood pressure
in their central organs.
So you really had to aim for--
you had to hit a couple
vitals in the central area
before they would go down.
>>NOORY: So it's violent there.
>>CRAMER: Very.
Very.
>>NOORY: It's not as
friendly as one would think.
>>CRAMER: No, it's an
incredibly violent experience.
>>NOORY: Did you meet
any ETs you liked?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, no, absolutely.
I mean, like I said,
when we were captured
and we actually were--
the whole purpose
wasn't you know
to torture us for five months.
The whole purpose
was actually for us
to live among them
for five months
so that we could go back
with an experience to say,
they're not all bad.
And kind of have
this conversation.
>>NOORY: Where did
you live with them?
>>CRAMER: In a
subterranean community.
They all live underground there.
>>NOORY: On the Moon or Mars?
>>CRAMER: On Mars.
>>NOORY: On Mars.
In their craft?
>>CRAMER: They have craft
but we didn't ever see them.
They didn't ever use them.
They had sort of chosen
to live in a state of what
I would say is sort
of a more chosen
primitive state than what their
technology could allow them
to do because they feel that
technology is what destroyed
their atmosphere
and nearly destroyed
their planet in the first place.
And so they were trying to
live a little bit differently.
But I would also
say that that was
specific to this
particular group, or tribe,
this community that lived
in this particular area.
That if you went global with
the indigenous reptoids,
they're not all on the
same page about that.
Depending on what
part of the planet
you landed on or
engaged with them
with would greatly
vary the experience
that you would have with them.
>>NOORY: Can you describe
what they look like?
>>CRAMER: Sure.
I mean, they looked like
a bipedal developed,
what I would call,
sort of a rock lizard.
So not like a crocodile
or an alligator--
>>NOORY: Like a gecko?
>>CRAMER: Kind of, yeah.
I mean, they would
have a shorter snout--
>>NOORY: The insurance
company will love this one.
>>CRAMER: --have
a shorter snout.
They tend to have a reddish to
sandy colored skin or scales.
>>NOORY: Walk upright?
>>CRAMER: Would walk
upright on two legs.
But there is quite
a bit of variation
in the patterning that can
show up on their scaling.
So they often would
have black, yellow, red,
some very interesting
patterning on their scales.
>>NOORY: Would you--
>>CRAMER: I would
say they height
wise could vary from about 5 and
1/2 feet to almost 7 feet tall.
>>NOORY: How do
they communicate?
>>CRAMER: They
communicate verbally.
They can speak.
Some of them are very
developed and they
can communicate silently.
>>NOORY: They have
their own language?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely, they do.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: How was
their pitched voice?
>>CRAMER: I would say again,
that depends on the heights,
just like us.
A bigger person with
a bigger set of lungs
is going to have a
deeper voice and is--
>>NOORY: (HIGH PITCHED)
Not necessarily.
>>CRAMER: But I would say
that the main variation is
in their tongue
and their palate.
So our tongue in our
pilot is a strong dictator
in how our speech sounds.
Their tongue and their
palate is a strong dictator
and how their language sounds.
>>NOORY: So they're not as
benevolent as one would think?
Doctor David Jacobs
may be correct
when he says there's an evil
presence with some of these.
>>CRAMER: I would
say some of them
are more enlightened
than others.
Just like human beings, are
a little more enlightened
than others.
But like everybody, they can
have an aggressive nature
to them.
They can have a
warlike nature to them.
And you get into a
conflict with them
and they can resort to their
primal angrier or selves
just like we do in
a combat situation.
Some of the tribes are
definitely very warlike
and if you met them, you'd
probably just be food
if you couldn't win the fight.
>>NOORY: They eat us?
>>CRAMER: Oh, sure.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: So "The Twilight
Zone" show, To Serve Man,
was correct?
>>CRAMER: Well, I mean they
certainly-- some of them
see us as a completely
different species, a completely
different type of animal.
And so we can certainly
be on the menu.
>>NOORY: How many bases
are there that we have?
>>CRAMER: Oh, I would
say hundreds probably.
But I have no idea
the actual number.
>>NOORY: Scattered
all over the--
>>CRAMER: Yeah, it would easily
hundreds if not thousands
but I couldn't
give you a number.
>>NOORY: What about the ETs?
>>CRAMER: I would say more.
They probably have even
more bases and more stations
than we do because
there's at least three
or four intelligent
species that live on Mars.
At least three or four
that I'm aware of.
I only met two of them though.
>>NOORY: Are we concerned
that they're there?
Because obviously, we
can't get rid of them.
>>CRAMER: I wouldn't
say concerned.
My understanding
is the main purpose
of continuing to engage in
military conflict is to test
weaponry and to test tools.
So we certainly see
that as a testing ground
for military
technology-- just get
better and better and better.
So in some ways, it's
just what we do there.
And it's a perfectly
good testing ground
for that material.
>>NOORY: At this point, have
you seen some of their craft
upfront and personal.
>>CRAMER: Not the
indigenous species on Mars.
I've seen other
extraterrestrial craft but not
the indigenous species
who live on Mars.
>>NOORY: And are we still
recruiting people to go there?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely
I mean, some people
are engineered from the
ground up like myself
and then parceled into a
program and then deployed.
Some people are recruited
from covert black programs
or other officer programs.
Some people are
requested or asked to
and some people are
just told you're getting
redeployed and get sent there.
>>NOORY: Billy Carson has
been on the "Deep Space" Gaia
program and he talks
about recruitment.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NARRATOR: Obviously,
being recruited
for missions such as
Randy Cramer was on
would have to be difficult
to say the least.
How could they get
anyone to volunteer
for such dangerous work?
>>BILLY CARSON: I
believe there are
a lot of missing
people on this planet,
thousands of people
documented are
disappearing every single year.
Now, there's a book that came
out called "Alternative 003."
And the third option
was to actually
have a breakaway civilization
on another planet.
And in this plan, they
also needed to take people.
You had to have people in
specific industries-- doctors,
you had to have
been farmers, you
had to have all
different types of people
from all different
types of arenas
so that you can actually
populate this new civilization
and create the infrastructure.
Along with that,
it's very possible
that they've used some type of
an MK Ultra or mind controlling
device or even a serum
to convince people
or to take people
off this planet.
>>NOORY: What a story.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
I'm sure that
happens all the time.
>>NOORY: If you went out on
the streets today, Randy,
and polled people and
told them your story,
what do you think they'd say?
>>CRAMER: It depends
on the person.
I certainly get
enough random people
who want to give me a high five
and say, I totally believe you,
Randy.
And I get occasional
hate mail from people who
think that I'm fraudulent too.
>>NOORY: If Gaia paid
for it, would you
take a polygraph test.
>>CRAMER: In a heartbeat.
>>NOORY: You would?
>>CRAMER: Not only would
I take a polygraph test,
you can give me a shot of
thiopental sodium in the arm
and you can give me truth serum
and I'll take a polygraph test.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They may do this.
>>CRAMER: In a heartbeat.
Let's do it.
In a heartbeat.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
>>CRAMER: I've offered that a
number of times but no one's
taken me up on it.
>>NOORY: We can record the
results on the program?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
I've offered that a
number of times no one's
ever taken me up on it but
I'd do it in a heartbeat.
>>NOORY: That would
be intriguing.
>>CRAMER: In a heartbeat, yeah.
>>NOORY: And if you
pass it, it tells us
volumes about what's going on.
>>CRAMER: I got no
problem with that.
I'm happy to do it.
Happy to do it.
I've thrown that
gauntlet down for years
and no one's picked it up.
So please, be the first.
>>NOORY: We'll get our
staff to work on this--
>>CRAMER: Do it.
>>NOORY: --and see
when we can do it.
You live on the Oregon
side of the coast, right?
>>CRAMER: I do.
>>NOORY: But we can get you
back and probably do it here.
>>CRAMER: It's a
short flight, yeah.
>>NOORY: Some great
law enforcement
polygraph examiners.
>>CRAMER: That's what I've
heard, so let's do it.
>>NOORY: All right.
We'll do it.
And they'll analyze
you first and they'll
say he's qualified to do it.
Some people aren't.
>>CRAMER: Sure.
Yeah, I'm happy to do it.
>>NOORY: Where does this
program go now, in your opinion?
>>CRAMER: It's going to continue
to go on and on and on and on.
What we understand one
of the other main reasons
why we feel that
disclosure's fairly important
is this reason in
itself-- is because there
are personnel shortfalls.
And as long as
there are personnel
shortfalls that we have
to kidnap or force people
into recruitment, we're
in that quasi slavery
area, which violates
treaties that we've
signed with other species.
And we think the
most ethical way
to go through with this is to
have a publicly aware program
so that people can volunteer.
I can tell you right
now, I get enough
e-mails from people who are
asking me how do I volunteer?
How do I become--
I'm like, I'm surprised
that you even asked me that.
But there are
plenty of people who
if you gave them the opportunity
to go into a recruiting center
and say, sign me up, they
would sign up in a heartbeat.
>>NOORY: Travis Walton, of
course, from "Fire in the Sky,"
who was zapped aboard
a craft a long time ago
and was witnessed by
his logger buddies,
all passed polygraph tests.
All of them.
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>NOORY: They all
passed polygraph tests.
What does it tell you
about these stories?
Because there are a number
of others out there like you
who don't say what
you just said,
put me through a polygraph test.
What if they say, I
don't want to do it?
What does that tell you?
>>CRAMER: Anyone who's
putting themselves
in a gray area of not
willing to be scrutinized
is going to make me
question whether they're
being completely honest or not.
I think that anyone
who feels like they're
coming from an honest
place shouldn't shy away
from that kind of
scrutiny at all.
They should be more than
willing to be scrutinized
if they're telling the truth.
>>NOORY: I think so,
without any doubt.
Without any doubt at all.
And coming from someone like
you who's been there before,
would you say there are
a lot of people out there
who are making this up or
jumping on this bandwagon?
>>CRAMER: I think there's a
complicated answer to that,
which is from some of what
I understand and have heard
some people talk
about their stories,
I think you have a class of
people who are absolutely
positively telling the truth
to the best of their ability.
I think you have some
people whose information may
have been tampered with in their
own minds and their own brains.
And so they're telling
a version of events
that other people
want them to tell.
I think that there are other
people who have simply not gone
through the personal memory
recovering process or healing
process to get to true accurate
recollections of their memories
so that they may simply be
recollecting things that
are not completely accurate.
But I don't necessarily
think that it's intentional.
And I think there's probably
one or two people that are just
out and out might be lying.
But I think it's--
so far, most of
the people that I
have seen who are talking about
this are putting themselves
in a position of personal
risk, are putting themselves
in a position of
not there's nobody--
>>NOORY: And why
would they do that?
>>CRAMER: And there's
nobody that I know who's
making a bunch of money at it.
So they're not doing
it for the money.
They're not doing it for--
maybe if they're doing it for
a teeny little bit of fame
that they might be getting.
But most of them are
doing it because they
feel like it's their
duty or part of them
being a part of a truth
movement to tell the truth.
But again, whether they're
actually telling 100% the truth
or not is not
necessarily up to them.
Or maybe they just haven't gone
through a deep recollection
process to get to
the absolute truth.
I can tell you that
the memory recovery
process was long, arduous,
and complicated for me.
And the main issue
is that you're
facing traumatic memories.
And your brain
doesn't necessarily
want to face traumatic memories.
So when you hit those
traumatic memories,
the first thing that it wants to
do is steer you away from them.
And so I can just
say that it took
an intense amount
of personal will
to just keep barreling
through each traumatic memory
so that-- my mantra was I want
the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth.
>>NOORY: So help you God.
>>CRAMER: Right.
So that was what I got.
But some people maybe
haven't done that.
And so maybe their
brains haven't given them
the complete truth that they
should be telling the truth.
But again, I'm not accusing
anybody of fabricating anything
on purpose or telling
lies on purpose
because I haven't met or talked
to anyone who's doing that.
Most of the people I'm talking
to have either doing the best
that they can to recollect
the truth or just
might not have
gotten to the truth.
Or in some cases, may have
had their brains tampered with
in order to tell a version
of events that is not
completely accurate but
that someone else wants
them to tell.
>>NOORY: Captain Cramer, what
is the 20 and back program?
>>CRAMER: Well, they
basically figure
that a tour of duty,
in order for them
to make all their money back,
requires a 20 year tour.
So a 20 year tour of
duty is essentially you--
>>NOORY: A commitment
of 20 years?
>>CRAMER: Yeah,
you deploy someone
for a 20 year tour of duty
and then you return them.
And the return process--
they do what is called
"age reversing."
But it really has nothing
to do with that at all
because the body that you're
in is pretty much so badly
damaged that they have to
throw it in the trash bin.
>>NOORY: After 20
years of space?
>>CRAMER: So from what I
understand, they basically
have to hatch you out
a new clone that's
the same age that when
you left and transfer
your soul and your consciousness
through some complicated
technological apparatus.
>>NOORY: They do that too?
>>CRAMER: It's a
quantum fluid dynamic.
From what I understand that
the soul is actually a quantum
fluid dynamic and
so in that sense
it can be removed from one
vessel and put into another.
And obviously, I was
unconscious for the process
so I can't say how it was done.
>>NOORY: Was it done to you?
>>CRAMER: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: You're in
a different body?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Yet your soul and your
personality and everything--
memory has all been transferred?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely
>>NOORY: I'm not sure about
the soul being able to do that.
Memory maybe.
They may have that ability
to download and transfer.
>>CRAMER: Well, again,
my understanding
is that the soul is a
quantum fluid dynamic
and so being a
it can be quote unquote
"pumped from one vessel
and put back into another."
Again, that's not my area
so I couldn't tell you how
the science works behind that.
But from the way I've
had it explained to me,
that's how it's done.
>>NOORY: What happened
to your old body?
Where is it now?
>>CRAMER: In the
incinerator I'm sure.
>>NOORY: Does it bother you?
>>CRAMER: No, not really.
>>NOORY: Does it feel like you?
>>CRAMER: It does.
I mean, as much as it
should be because I look--
>>NOORY: Can I touch your hands?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, sure.
I mean, I look in the
mirror and I see--
>>NOORY: You're human.
>>CRAMER: --I see
me looking back.
So it feels like me as
much as it could be.
>>NOORY: Was this body
made in a laboratory?
>>CRAMER: As near
as I can understand.
Yeah, hatched out of a clone.
>>NOORY: Same with your
face and everything else?
You were a total
clone of who you were?
>>CRAMER: The physical
body absolutely, yeah.
>>NOORY: Yet you have
memory from your past.
>>CRAMER: Right, because
they take everything that's
internal into the old body
and put it into the new one
and you're just the same person.
You look in the
mirror, you're younger.
But it's the same you.
>>NOORY: Feels like "The
Island of Doctor Moreau."
>>CRAMER: It's a
little weird sometimes.
If I think about it too
much, it will like twist
my brain a little bit.
So I try not to think
about it too much.
>>NOORY: Is it
difficult for you now
to have a relationship
because of all of this?
>>CRAMER: It can be a strain.
It can be a strain.
>>NOORY: Do you cry?
>>CRAMER: I can have all kinds
of emotions about the process
at different times.
But I'm also completely
OK with who I am.
I'm completely OK with who I am.
I'm OK being in the
skin that I'm in.
I'm OK having my
experiences that I've had.
I'm OK knowing that I have
to live my life the way
that I have to live my life.
So I'm OK with me.
>>NOORY: And you
would do it again?
>>CRAMER: And anybody who's
not OK with me, that's
their problem but not mine.
>>NOORY: But you'd do it
again, this same program?
>>CRAMER: Again, not necessarily
by choice but at the same time
I wouldn't undo the
experiences that I've had.
>>NOORY: Are you glad
it's happened to you?
Or would you prefer
that it never did?
>>CRAMER: I kind of
have to think of it
like my tour of duty is like
a giant crap milkshake filled
with crap up to here with
whipped cream and a cherry
on top.
And so I had to go through--
finish off a whole
crap milkshake.
But then at the end, there was
this whipped cream and cherry
on the top that kind
of almost makes it
worth it that I just wouldn't
want to trade anything for.
So I just accept both with that.
Accept the good and
the bad with that.
>>NOORY: What's the title
of your upcoming book?
>>CRAMER: We haven't secured
the ISBN number for it
yet so I'm keeping it under my
hat until we're actually done.
But it will be--
I don't know when we're going to
air this but from today's date,
it should be any time within
the next couple of months.
>>NOORY: And it's on this
subject matter obviously.
>>CRAMER: Oh it's the
volume one of three
that is going to be my
memoirs, which will basically
be my Mars experience.
>>NOORY: So you're going
public in a big way?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely, yeah.
And I've been working on--
I've been told that I should
work on it for the last six
years and it's just been
such a traumatic process
to sit down and try and
write the experiences
that it's just been a back and
forth, back and forth process.
And I just kind of
had to end up in
my own psychological emotional
basement to be able to do it.
>>NOORY: And you're ready?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Captain, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CRAMER: Oh, thank you.
My pleasure.
Thanks for having me, George.
>>NOORY: I appreciate it.
>>CRAMER: My pleasure.
>>NOORY: He says he'll
take a polygraph test
if offered to him.
What an amazing
moment that would
be if he takes it and passes.
I'm George Noory and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]